Chen Xuyao, why are you at my house again?
Please send me to travel abroad for more than half a month
I haven't seen you for a long time, ma'am
It cost me 10 million to go out for 10 days
So I'm not paying off my debt?
Fine. Don't go to Europe this time.
Best to go to South East Asia
I don't I figure it out
The farther away I am from you
The weaker the relationship between us
So I decided to go to work in your company tomorrow.
Chen Xu, can you stop fooling around?
I have a girlfriend what
You have a girlfriend?
When I went abroad
What about me?
I have a girlfriend, why should I tell you?
I don't care. You're responsible for me.
Responsible for your head?
I told you I already have a girlfriend
I don't care.
I have already broken up with Zhang Qiang
Sister, can you stop torn about this?
Are you having a hard time with this?
I told you I have something to hide
What's hidden
It's nothing more than a abstinence uprising
I'm going to tell your girlfriend now.
What kind of person are you?
Okay, okay, you go, you go
I can help you too.
But can you
Don't appear in public
Especially in front of Lin Mengqi
I understand underground lovers
It seems you don't understand at all
Ah!
Shi Tao, you can't get rid of me